Docs cli and server (#3479)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/server.rst

:desc: Find out how to use the HTTP API of Rasa to integrate
       with your backend components.

.. _section_http:

Running the Server
==================

.. contents::
   :local:

Running the HTTP server
-----------------------

You can run a simple HTTP server that handles requests using your
models with:

.. code-block:: bash

    rasa run \
        --enable-api \
        -m models \
        --log-file out.log

All the endpoints this API exposes are documented in :ref:`http-api` .

The different parameters are:

- ``--enable-api``, enables this additional API
- ``-m``, which is the path to the folder containing your Rasa model.
- ``--log-file``, which is the path to the log file.

.. warning::

    Make sure to secure your server, either by restricting access to the server (e.g. using firewalls) or
    by enabling one of the authentication methods: :ref:`server_security`.

.. note::

    If you are using custom actions - make sure your action server is
    running (see :ref:`run-action-server`). If your actions are running
    on a different machine, or you aren't using the Rasa SDk, make sure
    to update your ``endpoints.yml`` file.

.. note::

>     If you start the server with only a Rasa NLU model, not all the available endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you start the server with an NLU-only model, not all the available endpoints
```

>     can be called. Be aware that some endpoint will return a 409 status code, as a trained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can be called. Be aware that some endpoints will return a 409 status code, as a trained
```

>     Rasa Core model is needed to process the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Core model is needed to process the request.
```
